okay hello everyone again welcome to the
cs to it international pack and ship
show well last weekend was the big day
for most of the kamen rider fans and
anna sent a helo fans it was the rich
day of the movie version summer movie a
2009 and it was coming right a decade
all right against a great soccer and
also some inocentes shinkenger gimmick
up on the screen but a screen version of
the tank cover kimi no picks picks up ok
alright so the Great War a gap between
the evil and good well anyway and so I
got the I went to the movie theater and
Anna well as I purchase the tickets I
got that this free gift and one is the
coming right doubles psycho and Joker
gumbo right car okay so it's here is and
the nights I haven't opened yet I'm not
going to and then probably we going to
sell from our store so well let's find
out right and we'll be posting that we
may do that auction for this one it
would be a kind of fun and also another
items that we got this one is the I
think it's a fun but well since I'm not
going to sell this one so let's open
this
Wow
so you know like this you can't oh
that's cool it's a small fan
okay booger okay let me let me come back
to you okay after shoot a video right so
this one is the kamen rider decade all i
do and a great sugar and the other side
is the shinkenger questions okay and
here it says the up party up party here
alright and then hit this one it says
what is that oh my god all right up okay
yeah very nice as a free gift you know
so show you the phone pictures I can see
the decayed kamen rider ooo this is the
i think Neagle i guess IDK himself
Cavuto akito jv3 Brock stronger zeklos
can see Kiva thighs ooh I forgot his
name sorry about huh come ask I lighter
and Kouga and kind of like a sheen
Ichigo and coming over X Brock Ryder man
super one and Yuki and then lo and
Amazon and he Vicki okay
alright so that's a kind of nice things
well so all i care i see i can't put
this one like this up party you know so
i can combine it like this together on
one more thing okay coca would lie ah
cool snack I made it all right there a
pipe all right so um well we're going to
not gonna sell this one but the those
people who got lucky day you may get the
dis items as well so lets you know I've
come and visit us for the this items to
the other store and then i will be
posting very soon on youtube as well
thank you very much and then I see you
soon then come in like that dabble